[Security] 9.1.5 release notes (#3279)
elastic/docs-content: release-notes/elastic-security/index.md

% *

## 9.1.5 [elastic-security-9.1.5-release-notes]

### Features and enhancements [elastic-security-9.1.5-features-enhancements]
* Adds `customized_fields` and `has_base_version` fields to the internal rule schema [#235394]({{kib-pull}}235394).
* Adds an {{elastic-defend}} option to remediate orphaned state by attempting to start Elastic Agent service.

> * Fixes {{elastic-defend}} error log on Windows where only the first character, usually 'C', was logged instead of a path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increases the throughput of {elastic-defend} Logstash connections by increasing the maximum size it can upload at once.
* Improves reliability and accuracy of reporting of the {elastic-defend}'s Elasticsearch connection.
```

### Fixes [elastic-security-9.1.5-fixes]
* Fixes browser fields caching to use the `dataView` ID instead of the index pattern [#234381]({{kib-pull}}234381).
* Removes `null` in confirmation dialog when bulk editing index patterns for rules [#236572]({{kib-pull}}236572).
* Fixes the URL passed to detection rule actions via the `{{context.results_link}}` placeholder [#236067]({{kib-pull}}236067).
* Fixes system prompt updates from the Conversations tab in AI Assistant [#234812]({{kib-pull}}234812).

> * Fixes a bug in the Highlighted fields table in the alert details flyout [#234222]({{kib-pull}}234222).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in the Highlighted fields table in the alert details flyout [#234222]({{kib-pull}}234222).
```

> * Fixes a bug in rule exceptions to include the `matches` operator only for supported fields [#233127]({{kib-pull}}233127).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in rule exceptions to include the `matches` operator only for supported fields [#233127]({{kib-pull}}233127).
```

* Adds support in {{elastic-defend}} for installing eBPF event probes on Linux endpoints when cgroup2 is mounted in a non-standard location or not mounted at all.
* Adds support in {{elastic-defend}} for installing eBPF probes on Linux endpoints when taskstats is compiled out of the kernel.

> * Fixes a bug in {{elastic-defend}} where Linux network events could have source and destination bytes swapped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in {{elastic-defend}} where Linux network events could have source and destination bytes swapped.
```

* Removes `.process.thread.capabilities.permitted` and `.process.thread.capabilities.effective` from Linux network events in {{elastic-defend}}.

> * Fixes a bug in {{elastic-defend}} where host isolation could auto-release incorrectly. Host isolation now only releases when {{elastic-endpoint}} becomes orphaned. Intermittent {{elastic-agent}} connectivity changes no longer alter the host isolation state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in {{elastic-defend}} where host isolation could auto-release incorrectly. Host isolation now only releases when {{elastic-endpoint}} becomes orphaned. Intermittent {{elastic-agent}} connectivity changes no longer alter the host isolation state.
```

> * Fixes an issue in {{elastic-defend}} where host isolation could auto-release incorrectly. Host isolation now only releases when {{elastic-endpoint}} becomes orphaned. Intermittent {{elastic-agent}} connectivity changes no longer alter the host isolation state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue in {{elastic-defend}} where host isolation could auto-release incorrectly. Host isolation now only releases when {{elastic-endpoint}} becomes orphaned. Intermittent {{elastic-agent}} connectivity changes no longer alter the host isolation state.
* Fixes an issue where {elastic-defend} would incorrectly calculate throughput capacity when sending documents to output.  This may have limited event throughput on extremely busy endpoints.
* Fixes an issue in {elastic-defend} installation logging where only the first character of install paths (usually 'C') would be logged.
```
